h3. product

h4. featured_image

The image set as featured in the adminisration.  This will be the main image that represents the product.  Returns the url of the featured image.

<pre><code>
 &lt;img src=&quot;{{product.featured_image}}&quot; /&gt; 
</code></pre>

h4. inventory

Determines whether a product is under inventory control. This will return true or false

<pre><code>
 {% if product.inventory %}
 	\Do stuff
 {% endif %} 
</code></pre>

h4. inventory_policy

If the shop owner would like to allow users to purchase items out of stock, this will return allow, otherwise it will return deny.

<pre><code>
 {% if product.inventory_policy == 'allow' %} 
</code></pre>

h4. inventory_quantity

Returns the amount of items left in stock if this product is under inventory control.  If this product has variations, each one of those variations will also have an inventory policy.

<pre><code>
 // For a product with a single variation
 product.inventory_quantity

 //For a product with multiple variations
 {% for variation in product.variations %}
 	variation.inventory_quantity
 {% endfor %} 
</code></pre>

h4. max_price

The highest price of all product variants

<pre><code>
 product.max_price 
</code></pre>

h4. min_price

The lowest price of all product variations

<pre><code>
 product.min_price 
</code></pre>

h4. price

The price of your product

<pre><code>
 product.price 
</code></pre>

h4. title

Title of your product

<pre><code>
 product.title 
</code></pre>

h4. variants

Returns all variations of a product.  You must also loop through these to access the individual variants.

<pre><code>
 {% for variant in product.variants %}
 	{{variant.title}}
 {% endfor %} 
</code></pre>

h4. weight

Weight of the product

<pre><code>
 product.weight 
</code></pre>

h3. shop

h4. currency

3 letter representation of your currency

<pre><code>
 shop.currency 
</code></pre>

h4. name

Name of your shop

<pre><code>
 shop.name 
</code></pre>

